---
title: Privacy Policy
company: Tranquera LLC
---

# Privacy Policy 

This privacy statement ("Privacy Statement") intends to explain to you
the information practices of Capybara House with the information we
collect about you and other website users.

Please read this Statement carefully (together with our and Cookie
Policy (and any other documents referred to on it) as they set out the
basis on which any personal data we collect from you or that you provide
to us will be processed by us.

By visiting the Capybara House website, you accept and consent to the
practices described in this Statement.

## INFORMATION WE COLLECT

You may choose to give us information about you by filling in forms on
our site such as the Contact Us Form or by corresponding with us by
phone, e-mail or otherwise. Capybara House only asks you to disclose as
much information as is necessary to provide you with the information
requested by you or to submit a question/suggestion/comment concerning
our website.

We may also collect details of your visits to our site (including, but
not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other
communication data) and the resources that you access. When you access
our website, your computer's browser provides us with information such
as your IP address, browser type, access time and referring URL,
collected and used to compile statistical data on our website. This
information may be used to help us to improve our site and the services
we offer.

## HOW YOUR INFORMATION IS USED

You submit your personal information to us; it will only be used for the
stated purpose and any reasonably incidental purposes.

We will only use such information for:

* The purposes for which it was provided by you and any reasonably incidental purposes including providing you with the information that you request from us.

* Marketing and administration purposes.

* For analysis purposes, including ensuring that content from our site is presented most effectively for you and your computer.

* Capybara House undertakes not to sell or rent any third party whatsoever any personally identifiable information about you.

## YOUR RIGHTS

You should ensure that the information we collect and hold with you is
accurate and kept up to date. If you would like to review the
information we have collected on you at any time, please see contact
below.

You also have the right to have the information erased if we do not have
a legitimate reason for retaining the same. We will accede to any such
valid requests within 40 calendar days of receiving a reasonable request
in writing.

You have the right to be given a copy of the information held by us
about you. We may charge a fee for this which will not exceed â‚¬6.35. We
will provide the requested information to you within 40 calendar days of
receiving a valid request in writing. We might ask you to provide
additional information to identify your data and verify your identity.
Please send all requests to the contact person below.

## SECURITY

We endeavour to use industry-standard security measures to protect your
information and to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of any
information in our control. However, the transmission of information via
the internet is not entirely secure. We cannot guarantee that all of
your private communications and other personally identifiable
information will never be disclosed. However, we will use our reasonable
endeavours to ensure that such information is kept as secure as
possible.

## AMENDMENTS OF THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT

This Privacy Statement may change from time to time, and any changes to
this Policy will be posted on the website and will be effective when
posted. As your use of the Capybara House website is subject to your
acceptance of this Privacy Statement and any amendments to that, please
review the Privacy Statement each time you use this website.

## THIRD-PARTY SITES

From time to time, our website may contain links to and from the
websites of our Members, partner networks, advertisers, event
organisers, and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these
websites, please note that these websites have their privacy policies
and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these
policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal
data to these websites.

## GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION

This legal notice and all issues regarding this website are governed
exclusively by Irish law and are subject to the exclusive jurisdiction
of the Irish courts.

## GENERAL

Delay or failure on our part in enforcing any of our rights shall not
constitute a waiver by us of our rights and remedies. If any part of
this Privacy Statement is held to be invalid or unenforceable, the
validity or enforceability of the remainder will not be affected.

## CONTACT US

Your privacy is important to us. If you have any comments or questions
regarding this Statement, you can contact info@capybara.house.
