---
name: Half-Board
description: "Includes both breakfast and dinner during your stay"
image: "/images/services/half-board.jpg"
---

We are pleased to offer you our half-board service, which includes both
breakfast and dinner during your stay. Our goal is to make your time
with us comfortable, enjoyable, and a true home away from home.

**Breakfast:** Start your day right with a delicious breakfast. You can
expect a spread of freshly baked goods, cereals, fruits, yogurts, and
hot and cold beverages. We want to ensure you have the energy you need
to make the most of your day exploring Dublin or attending to your
commitments. (The host families usually provide a self-catering option
for your breakfast, it means, they provide the goods and you choose what
suits you better).

**Dinner:** Return to a warm and welcoming atmosphere in the evenings
with our home-cooked dinners. Our family takes pride in preparing meals
that reflect local flavors and culinary traditions. Dinner will be a
shared experience, providing you with the opportunity to connect with
our family and immerse yourself in the local culture. We accommodate
various dietary preferences, and please feel free to let us know if you
have any specific dietary restrictions or preferences.

**Meal Times:** The meal times are flexible, and we prefer to not
interfere between our student and our host family\'s freedom. For this
reason, we suggest you to contact your host to arrange a proper breakfast and
dinner meal which best suits you and your host

**Additional Information:** There are no additional costs associated
with our half-board service. The cost is includes both breakfast and
dinner during your entire stay with us.

We hope that our half-board service enhances your overall experience in
Dublin and adds a personal touch to your stay. If you have any specific
preferences or if there's anything else we can do to make your stay
more comfortable, please don't hesitate to let us know.
